Improve wording of the unauthenticated media deprecation box (#1916)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/client-server-api/modules/content_repo.md

Clients can access the content repository using the following endpoints.

{{% boxes/added-in-paragraph %}}
{{< changed-in v="1.11" >}} Clients SHOULD NOT use the media endpoints marked as

> deprecated below. Instead, they SHOULD use the new endpoints which require authentication.

Reviewer: To echo what was already said in the SCT room: This seems like an improvement over the previous text but it still mainly just rehashes what "deprecated" means. @richvdh's suggestion was something along the lines of:

> "[Changed in v1.11] A number of endpoints under the /_matrix/media hierarchy have been deprecated and replaced with new endpoints which require authentication"

Author: Thanks, I've adjusted the text based on this feedback

> {{< changed-in v="1.11" >}} Clients SHOULD NOT use the media endpoints marked as
> deprecated below. Instead, they SHOULD use the new endpoints which require authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
{{< changed-in v="1.11" >}} A number of endpoints under the /_matrix/media hierarchy
have been deprecated and replaced with new endpoints which require authentication.
The deprecated endpoints are marked in the section below.
```

Author: Rephrase the unauthenticated media deprecation box based on feedback
